.TH tinyerp 1

.SH NAME
tinyerp \- Client for Tiny ERP 

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B tinyerp.py [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
TinyERP is an Enterprise Resource Planning and Customer Relationship
Management software package. It is developed to meet changing needs. 
The main functional features are: CRM and SRM, analytic and financial 
accounting, double-entry stock management, sales and purchases management, 
tasks automation, a help desk, marketing campaigns, and vertical modules 
for very specific businesses. Technical features include a distributed 
server, flexible workflows, an object database, a dynamic GUI, customizable 
reports, and a SOAP and XML-RPC interface.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print this help message and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-version
Print the program's version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-c \fIfile\fR, \-\-config=\fIfile\fR
Specify alternate config file. By default, tinyerp uses ~/.terprc

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable verbose mode. This is equivalent to: \fB\-\-log\-level\fR=INFO

.TP
.B \-l \fIlevel\fR, \-\-log-level=\fIlevel\fR
Specify the log level. By default, tinyerp only logs ERROR messages.
\fIlevel\fR can be any of the following: DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL

.TP
.B \-d \fIchannels\fR, \-\-log=\fIchannels\fR
Specify which channels to log. Available channels are: view, view.form,
common.options, common.message, rpc.exception, rpc.request, rpc.result

.SH FILES
~/.terprc

.SH AUTHORS

Tiny ERP is a product of \fBTiny.be\fR (\fIhttp://www.tiny.be\fR)

.SH SEE ALSO
tinyerp_server(1)
.br
\fIhttp://www.tinyerp.com\fR : Tiny ERP functional description
.br
\fIhttp://www.tinyerp.org\fR : Tiny ERP developer zone

